fix!: arrow and panic fixes (#903)
delta-io/delta-kernel-rs: README.md

- `arrow-54`: Use arrow version 54
- `arrow-55`: Use arrow version 55
- `arrow`: Use the latest arrow version. Note that this is an _unstable_ flag: we will bump this to
  the latest arrow version at every arrow version release. Only removing old arrow versions will

>   cause a breaking change for kernel. If you need to use arrow and require stability, you should
>   pick a specific arrow version with `arrow-54` or `arrow-55`.

Reviewer: Would it be more future-proof to say something like this?
```suggestion
  cause a breaking change for kernel. If you require a specific version N of arrow, you should
  specify it directly with `arrow-N`, e.g. `arrow-55`.
```
Otherwise, we have to remember to update it every time we tweak the supported version list.

Author: I like it, thanks!
